Will you marry me?
Ah!
Haha, I promise you.
Good handsome
Don't worry.
I, Ye Fan, will never live up to you in my life
If there is a violation
Lu Wuquan Corpse
What do you say on a happy day?
Then today we will get married and be engaged.
Everyone hurry up and eat
Don't get cold for a while
Eat well and drink well
Okay, everyone has seen my girl.
Old man
Now take the girl back
Besides, I'll send you to eat slowly, eat slowly
Don't rush to eat
Xiaofan, come with me into the house
I have something to tell you
Wow
Are you really ready to marry Cher?
Dad?
Can I still be at risk if I say it in public?
Did Uncle Jiang tell you just now?
The prince's words symbolize beauty
But Yang Changchang next door
The bride price is already better than the three halls and one profit.
Our family
Dad, don't worry
Leave the money to me
Cher treated me so well
I have lost, and no one can lose him.
Don't worry, it's definitely not that bad.
Don't brag
Director Yang is the richest man in Ten Rivers and Eight Miles
Your son has his own way
You wait for me.
Son, just get the money back for you.